all right
I was praying and uh the Lord told me
this I don't know who this is for
but it's for somebody
because I was I was in praying
and the Lord told me he said I want you
to tell them what I told you about
healing
and I said okay
so here you go whoever this is for
uh I was talking to some people that her
husband they were go they go to our
church I worked at the staff at Victory
Victory Church and uh here in Oklahoma
City and I worked there for a long time
and I
was talking to some more people there on
staff and her husband was suffering for
with some severe uh arthritis really bad
and um
his name was Stanley and he told me he
said hey Brandon he goes how come not
all Christians are healed when they pray
and and we they suffer so long with
stuff and
and you know it's just kind of a
challenging question and I and I didn't
really have the answer for it so I I
said well I'll pray about it you know I
don't understand why people go through
what they go go through other than we
live in a fallen world is what I told
him but I said I'll pray about this
you know and um so I started interceding
for this well it was not very long I
went to I was sitting on the edge of my
bed and I and I was getting ready for
bed and I just ask it in my heart I said
Lord why are not all Christians healed
like they should be you know I I would
like to understand more give me
Revelation
and I went to bed and all of a sudden
I I can't explain it to you it's very
similar to how I went there he took me
to tribulation
I was taken out of my body
and
I was at the foot of the cross
well to his crucifixion
and
oh man
he was tied to a within post
there was a Roman soldier with all this
Roman Garb on standing on this on his
right hand no it was on his left hand
right here he was chained up with his
hands just like this on a whipping post
are you able to get that in the shot his
hands were chained up like this like
with rope around and his hands were up
on that Whipping Post
I can tell you the temperature that it
was in that that area was dirt there was
a dirt floor there was like a dirt like
a dirt floor there and the weapon post
was was wood
the temperature was about 85 degrees
outside maybe 80. I could tell you
because I could smell I could smell the
livestock in this this area this this
this Coliseum area I don't know what it
was it was like a because I could see
these people right here and they were
like watching him
and this other man that was on this side
was wearing this black outfit it was
like a black it was like a big he was a
big man I bet he was probably 400 pounds
he was a massive man he wasn't heavy
like overweight he was muscular he
looked huge
and he took that cat of nine tails and
this other one took this canine tails
and Jesus Is Back was he was a young man
and you know and then you see all this
stuff on TV you know that he looks old
or whatever no he was a young young guy
30 33 years old that he was you know in
your mind mind you're thinking well he's
old in these pictures no he was young
he's he looked clean his his his back
was had oily skin he was had dirt on him
from the from the dirt outside from the
sweat and and his dirt was on his back
you could see it he was dirty and it was
it was oily and it was all like Olive
looking skin and then they took they
took uh though that cat nine tails
and they whipped him one time with it on
this side and then this one whipped him
on this side and he screamed out in
agony I watched it and I started
screaming and I started yelling stop
this stop this but nobody could hear me
but Jesus was watching Jesus himself
with me I was standing outside in my out
of my body I don't know how this
happened but Jesus was standing right
here right here by me and and and and he
was being watching himself be crucified
and that one one man was whipping
whipping and Jesus's face looked up at
them and he said who I'm gonna do this
without crying
he said I love you
he said I love you and he kept telling
that every single time
and they were mocking him
and they grabbed a hold of his beard
and I saw him and they ripped huge
chunks of his beard out of his face
they kept going at it and it was almost
like they were having fun it was sick
and they took those those whips
[Music]
and they were just beating his flesh
with it and it was tearing him off just
tearing him to pieces and he had chunks
of Flesh hanging down off of his body
and it was just dangling down it was it
was the most grotesque thing I've ever
seen in my life and blood was everywhere
and he looked at me this Jesus when he
was standing right here he looked at me
and he said
Brandon
what more
no he said this to me I I want to quote
it exactly the way he said it he said
if somebody was to ask you
and challenge you about your faith
saying that you're saved
and they said we don't really believe
you're saved you're not going to go to
heaven he said you would fight them with
every single thing yes I believe I'm
saved you would you would argue with
them you would go after them is what he
said I said yes that's right he goes I
said because I don't question that at
all in my my heart at all
he said
healing is no different than your
salvation he said I took your sin on my
body and I took your sickness
and he said what do you not understand
he said by my stripes
you are healed
by my stripes
you are healed and he said when you
believe in my healing power as much as
what you believe in my salvation then
the manifestation will come
you've got to believe it that strong is
what he was telling me
believe in what I did for you
what more do you need that's what he
told me what more do you need I took it
all on my body for you I took sickness I
took disease for you
I took it on me
by my stripes you're healed and I saw
his stripes
I saw him I could hear the people
yelling in the background I didn't see
him crucify him crucify him and he was
beaten to a pulp for us
so that we don't have to have sickness
in our bodies so we don't have to suffer
with it
by his stripes you are healed and I saw
it
he was beaten and he was bruised for our
iniquities the chastisement of our peace
was upon him
and with his stripes you are healed
believe it as much as you believe in
your salvation
if anybody was to talk to you try to
talk you out of him say You're Not Safe
same way
you're healed
if anybody should try to tell you you're
not healed you would tell no I'm Healed
and you've got to believe it that much
inside of you you cannot doubt in your
heart don't down your heart believe it
with all your might believe it like you
believe in your salvation it's so much
more for we have all those sins we just
take it we it's like I don't want to say
some may just take it for granted that
you were were saved whenever all the
things they used to do to forgive sins
to atone sins
killing animals goats and calves and all
the stuff they used to do to wash the
sins away of the people
we just go to him and just ask him for
forgiveness and he said he's faithful
and just to forgive us and cleanse us
from all righteousness but we just
believe that and it's simple we just I
believe it God you you saved me you you
wash my sins away but the same faith it
took to do that which we realize how
much it probably was to wash all those
things away it took a a sacrifice of
Jesus he took our sickness in his body
then he took our poverty he said he
became poor that we might be rich he
became sick he became all these things
look at it just believe it and he said
believe it with all your heart Brandon
so I don't know who that's for
but I had that and I came back
when I got back and I I woke up the next
day
I cried and cried and cried and cried
and cried
because it it was it was I I it was
horrific
it was horrific what he went through
so Jesus did that for you
Jesus died for you and he loves you so
much
I saw those people whipping him and he
kept telling him I love you
I love you when most people would just
want to spit on those other people they
were spitting on him they were doing all
bad things shoving that crown on his
head thorns
and and he just kept saying I love you
and I just want to tell everybody Jesus
really does love you
and he doesn't want you to suffer he
wants you to be blessed
beloved I wish above all things that you
prosper and be in elf even as you're so
prospers
so I want you to have a blessed day
father we just thank you Lord for these
people right now we just pray healing
over their bodies and we thank you
Father for a turnaround in their
circumstances right now in Jesus name we
pronounce healing and wholeness and
wellness over their bodies and we thank
you Lord for your healing power going
through them in the name of Jesus
from the top of their head to the souls
of their feet they are healed by the
stripes of Jesus and we take authority
over sickness and disease we take
authority over poverty we take authority
over lack not enough and barely getting
by we take authority over it and we say
it's under our feet in the name of Jesus
and we thank you Lord for your healing
power that delivers us from all sickness
all disease in the name of Jesus Christ
and we call you whole and healed and
well in Jesus name
now
comment down below if if there's witness
with you if you're that person that that
that I was talking to because I really
believe the Lord wanted me to tell you
and I hope my words gave what what he
did for us a little Justice because I'm
I know it's all so short of it uh in my
heart I I want to get it across to the
people
and so have a blessed day y'all bye-bye